Intro
Hi guys. I am Rong Yu and I am going to present my FYP,
my FYP topic is the Privacy Preserviing Data Valuation System.
This system aims to present data from federated learning 
in manner that a stakeholder without technical knowledge
in federated learning should be able to understand the
federated learning process.

Federation View
The screen you are currently viewing is the federation view.
The federation view displays the the overall accuracy and loss 
of the federated models based on selected date and federation topic.
The user can select a date from the date dropdownlist to display 
federated models that are started on selected date. The displayed 
federated models are grouped according to federation topics 
in the panels. The user can filter the federation topics by selecting
a topic from the federation dropdownlist. In the panel, the user can select the specific model
in the model dropdownlist and click on the view model button to view 
the model details.

Federated Model View
The federated model view displays the full federated model, per round and submodel details.
In the 1st row, the user can see the accuracy per round, loss per round and participant contribution
in the final round. 

In the 2nd row, the marginal gain per round shows how much the model improved
in each round. This graph can be clicked on to view the round details, by default it is set to the 
latest round. This functionality is explained by the panel on the left. The participant contribution
graph will change based on the clicked round in marginal gain per round graph, displaying participant
contributions for that round. The top 10 + full model graph will change and the participants 
in top 10 + full model based on the clicked round in marginal gain per round graph to display
top 10 model + full model and its respective participants.

In the last row, the middle graph represents top 20 models based on the clicked round 
in marginal gain per round graph. Each colored square represents a model and the number on it
represents the model accuracy multiplied by 1000, up to 3 sf. The squares can be clicked on
to view sub model details. This functionality is explained by the panel on the left.
The sub model details include round number, model number, participants, accuracy and comments.

Federation View
Comming back to the federation view. The user can look at participant reputation 
by clicking on the view repuation button.

Participant Reputation View
This is the participapant reputation view. In the top panel, the user can view top 10 participants with the 
highest accumulated scores in overall and
the the respective federation topics. The participant reputation is a score assigned 
to the participant based on participant contribution on improving the federated model.
A participant with high reputation means that the participant's dataset contributed greatly in improving the model. 
While a low reputation means that the participant's dataset has negatively affected the model or 
contributed little to improve the model.

Below there is a search bar to allow the user to view top 10 participants based on a date range, 
model performance and federation topic.
In the search bar, the user can select a date range using from and to date pickers. 
The performance slider allows the user to choose a minimun model performance.
The federation dropdownlist allows the user to select either overall or a 
federation topic. Clicking on display selected button is display the results
in the graph below. Clicking on the reset button resets the search bar and the result.

Participant Recommendation View
In participation recommendation view, the user can view the participant reputation in details and export a list of 
selected participant. The list can be filtered by setting a date range using the the datepickers, the minimum reputation
using the reputation slider, select a federation topic with the federation dropdownlist and tick
the checkbox if the the user only wants to see available participants only. Clicking on the display button
with display the result below.

The user can tick on the checkboxes in the 1st column and click on the export participants button to export the 
list of participants. The user can add the participant by clicking on add participant button and enter the details.

Lastly, the participant details can be viewed by clicking on the participant name in the list.

Participant Details View
In participant details view, the user can view the federated models details the 
selected participant participated in. The graph on 
the left displays the participant's contribution percentage towards the federated models
of the selected federation topic. The bars can be click on to bring user to model view.
 The search functions is just on the right of the graph.
The user can select a date from the date dropdownlist to view federated model that have 
start on that date. The user can select federation topic from the federation topic dropdownlist.
The user can key in model performance between 0.99 to 0.1 in the performance textbox. clicking on the 
display selected button will set the table to display models that have equal or above the specified
performance. Clicking on the reset button will reset the table.The details displayed in
the table below includes the federated model id
, round, model performance, conribution value and contribution %. 
